tasks.md, before:

# Tasks to complete
- ✅ Change placeholder searchbar text to "Ask me a question"
- ✅ Fix search results coming from stackoverflow API
- ✅ Render search results properly on website. Should be accessible globally from anywhere
- ✅ Each search result should be clickable - render it in our custom page
- ✅ Recent 5 questions searched by a user should be cached in a database of your choice.
- ✅ Ask AI functionality to generate AI answers for a stackoverflow question.
- ✅ Display a ranking option for ranking search results by newest, oldest, stackoverflow scores, or LLM ranking (ask LLM for confidence scores out of 100).
- ✅ Update GitHub repo readme.
- ✅ Code cleanup

- [ ] Respect user's local timezone
- [ ] Draw a nice architecture diagram (convert handwritten notes into a properly structured diagram)
- [ ] Rate limiter for calling stackoverflow API + LLM API, have configurable rate limits. Use hammer (https://github.com/ExHammer/hammer) as a rate limiter rather than re-inventing the wheel

- [ ] Add documentation (using ExDoc)
- [ ] Structured JSON logging
- [ ] Code linter and security checker: credo + sobelow
- [ ] Dockerized ollama deployment for LLM
- [ ] Setup CI
- [ ] Use LLM to generate good search questions + tags for search term

Commit message:

Add Docker support with development and production configurations, environment variables, and entrypoint script

tasks.md, after:

# Tasks list (Completed tasks are marked with ✅)

- ✅ Change placeholder searchbar text to "Ask me a question"
- ✅ Fix search results coming from stackoverflow API
- ✅ Render search results properly on website. Should be accessible globally from anywhere
- ✅ Each search result should be clickable - render it in our custom page
- ✅ Recent 5 questions searched by a user should be cached in a database of your choice.
- ✅ Ask AI functionality to generate AI answers for a stackoverflow question.
- ✅ Display a ranking option for ranking search results by newest, oldest, stackoverflow scores, or LLM ranking (ask LLM for confidence scores out of 100).
- ✅ Update GitHub repo readme.
- ✅ Code cleanup
- ✅ Dockerized deployment

# Future tasks
- [ ] Respect user's local timezone
- [ ] Draw a nice architecture diagram (convert handwritten notes into a properly structured diagram)
- [ ] Rate limiter for calling stackoverflow API + LLM API, have configurable rate limits. Use hammer (https://github.com/ExHammer/hammer) as a rate limiter rather than re-inventing the wheel
- [ ] Add documentation (using ExDoc)
- [ ] Structured JSON logging
- [ ] Code linter and security checker: credo + sobelow
- [ ] Setup CI
- [ ] Use LLM to generate good search questions + tags for search term
